Add support for Rastersoft MiniTKL (#20230)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/rastersoft/minitkl/readme.md

# MiniTKL

> ![MiniTKL](https://gitlab.com/rastersoft/full-ten-keyless/-/raw/main/layout.png)

Reviewer: please, rehost on imgur.

Author: @drashna Is it absolutely required? It wants my phone number, and I'm eager to put it on the internet. Is there an alternative place?

Author: Ok, moved to imgbox.com.

# MiniTKL

![MiniTKL](https://images2.imgbox.com/53/28/YxGS3GJT_o.png)

A compact TenKeyLess keyboard.

* Keyboard maintainer: [Sergio Costas](https://github.com/rastersoft)
* Hardware supported: ISO version. ANSI will be added in a future.
* Hardware Availability: it's a build-yourself keyboard.

> To compile this keyboard, just run
> 
>     qmk compile -kb rastersoft/minitkl -km default
> 
> ![PCB](https://images2.imgbox.com/84/b3/GnPfMO94_o.png)
> 
> ![Result](https://images2.imgbox.com/78/90/rM5iLSdx_o.jpg)
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
> 
> ## Bootloader
> 
> The keyboard uses an ATmega32U, so to enter the bootloader you have to press the reset button.
> 
> More info: <https://gitlab.com/rastersoft/full-ten-keyless>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make rastersoft/minitkl:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make rastersoft/minitkl:default:flash

![PCB](https://images2.imgbox.com/84/b3/GnPfMO94_o.png)

![Result](https://images2.imgbox.com/78/90/rM5iLSdx_o.jpg)

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead

More info: [gitlab.com/rastersoft/full-ten-keyless](https://gitlab.com/rastersoft/full-ten-keyless)
```

Author: Done.
